# Assignment #7 Constraint Essay

## Ethical (Is it ethical to use other peoples work for training algorithms/ Health, vr sickness)
There are 2 ethical concerns related to our project. The first concerns training data and if it's ethical to use other peoples work for training in an AI algorithm. The second is in regards to how responsible we as a group are for users' health, as VR can occasionally cause motion sickness. To get around the ethical concern of using other people's work, we could use open source images or licensed images that we have received permission to use. In regards to users health, they could be provided with a warning before continuing on with the application. For the in person demonstration, we could also provide dramamine or other motion sickness medicine to help prevent health problems from occurring.

## Legal (copyright on training material/produced material)
The legal constraints that apply to this project apply to other real life projects, and are still being debated today. The main legal constraint to be addressed is the copyright issue. When a user uses an AI, that is created by a certain company/organization, to create unique pieces of art based on their own inputs, who does it belong to? The company? The AI itself? The user? This same question can also be asked to the developers when it comes to using others’ training material. While at this time, there may not be a 100% correct answer, in the context of our project, we will attempt to provide one that mutually benefits everyone involved. 

## Security (privacy concerns/ eavesdropping)
For our project that is a security constraint. Since the VR headsets we are using are Meta Oculus, the privacy concerns related with Meta will crossover to the headsets. The headsets can also record audio and video within the headset which could result in an eavesdropping concern. Since we cannot change how the headset functions, or change the privacy policy of Meta, before a player can use the headset we could provide a shortened version of the privacy concerns related with Meta technology. When using different headsets this may result in different privacy concerns but all VR technology at this point is going to collect a similar type of data, such as movement or surroundings, that users may be worried about.

## Social (improving people lives)
There is a social constraint to our project as well: our project will not be used for public service and doesn’t provide a tangible benefit to society. The main purpose of our project is to entertain users and allow them to experience AI in a virtual environment. A possible solution to this constraint would be to target specific audiences, such as tech enthusiasts and people interested in or involved with art museums. Tech enthusiasts would benefit from our project by being able to explore this new idea and people involved with art museums would benefit by being able to gauge interest in AI-generated art for future exhibits.
